you should try it out it's nice and
relaxing i really like the class i would
think that the best part about it would
be like the partner work and the
balancing and the breathing yoga is
fantastic for children it's
all ages from the littlest the the
younger you can start the younger they
start the better it gives children an
opportunity
to
learn how to be in touch with their with
their body you're working on
stretching the muscles you don't usually
stretch it was fun and it stretches out
your muscles for sports and it loosens
your muscles
when you do the poses you're really
working out your muscles children live
in really busy worlds right now and yoga
just gives them the opportunity to come
somewhere
to move their bodies to
strengthen their muscles
and to learn how to breathe and to be in
touch with what's inside
we also do
team building stuff in yoga which the
kids love
we have we pick poses that they have to
work together
we teach them cooperation we teach them
you know coordinating their bodies to do
something to reach a goal the partner
downward dog my partner
couldn't really stand up that well
against me so because i was a little bit
a little bit bigger than him
i thought the class was very good i come
to it every thursday i would say that
you should definitely give it a shot
because yoga is really awesome i would
love to see
more kids get involved with yoga
it's just it's so it's so amazing for
their bodies it's so amazing for their
minds
you